chore(eks): updated the eks launch template support topic in the docs (#12272)
aws/aws-cdk: packages/@aws-cdk/aws-eks/README.md

#### Launch Template Support

You can specify a launch template that the node group will use. For example, this can be useful if you want to use
a custom AMI or add custom user data.

> Since the custom user data is merged with the Amazon EKS user data, it must be encoded in the MIME multi-part
> archive format. Visit the [Launch Template Docs](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/launch-templates.html#launch-template-user-data)
> for insights.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When supplying a custom user data script, it must be encoded in the MIME multi-part archive format, since Amazon EKS merges with its own user data. Visit the [Launch Template Docs](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/launch-templates.html#launch-template-user-data)
for mode details.
```

```ts
const userData = `MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: multipart/mixed; boundary="==MYBOUNDARY=="

--==MYBOUNDARY==
Content-Type: text/x-shellscript; charset="us-ascii"

#!/bin/bash
echo "Running custom user data script"

--==MYBOUNDARY==--\\
`;
const lt = new ec2.CfnLaunchTemplate(this, 'LaunchTemplate', {
  launchTemplateData: {
    instanceType: 't3.small',
    userData: Fn.base64(userData),
  },
});
cluster.addNodegroupCapacity('extra-ng', {
  launchTemplateSpec: {
    id: lt.ref,
    version: lt.attrLatestVersionNumber,
  },
});

```

> When using a custom AMI, Amazon EKS doesn't merge any user data.
> Rather, you are responsible for supplying the required bootstrap commands for nodes to join the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that when using a custom AMI, Amazon EKS doesn't merge any user data. Which means you do not need the multi-part encoding. and are responsible for supplying the required bootstrap commands for nodes to join the cluster.
```
